Readme tweeks (#25)
brimdata/brimcap: README.md

![Image of brimcap analyze](https://github.com/brimdata/brimcap/raw/main/brimcap.gif)

> A command line utility for converting packet captures into the flexible, searchable

Reviewer: Maybe just make this pcaps instead of packet captures or pcap data? Not sure if there are other packet capture formats but we only support pcap and ng-pcap file formats.
```suggestion
A command line utility for converting pcaps into the flexible, searchable
```
